before we do the big reveal Magali c'mon
attire from items 10 to 2 at number 10 a
salut gong center sub boot on media 9
Freddy's bar and County Bar and 8 scuba
diving 7 historical walk 6 new sail
devil air 5 Cobra weave and and meet the
hill for an e au eyelets and DG seat
falls 3 T to Marble Falls and to the
castle and cold and at number 1 I'm
gonna I'll be like a fantastic in
bulerias surfing all right take a
gunship back to the division Blanche go
Mike let me bring out the board for you
and bring my year to spoon the 86
soldier well I mean it's pretty hairy in
there it's Charlie's point charlie don't
surf in the late 70s when Francis Ford
Coppola shot his epic war film
Apocalypse Now in the Philippines
it featured soldiers surfing in Bellaire
after filming the crew left their
surfboards behind inspire the locals and
unwittingly gave rise to the surfing
culture in the country Pannonia Nagato
endo Apocalypse Now
lagoon's on me mama foreigner naidu Maya
dito Messina you Malibu rodents among
about Panama you name it Edna missile a
human similar details are being a time
searching for an abundance of iron in
Bali no maintenances I said al marina
portal in Omaha to expand open open
since then Bellaire has become a surfers
haven and is now famous all over for
it's jaw-dropping gigantic waves best
side Port Angeles - I'm buying in Bali -
Miren Pattaya para Samanya beginners
semana 11 Marwan Amina marooned in for
time area Paris amount of professional
surfers
all right let's do it
so the lessons are one hour 15 minutes
on that but that was arriving 45 in the
water
or okay you know
those communicated
there is a basic game
position you find a Delisle our journey
okay I was dead oh yes if you can then
paddle right
a pop up pop off hey
the popularity of Balor as a surfing
destination also gave birth to a surf
tourism in the area
timing imbalance at school three years
ago long start coming at said tom is a
ten board tenfold homework means it's
been home board from beginner szeliga
with the one who first introduced the
foam board d to summer school the more
surf school
maganda bars have our beginners and I
got a foam CI and finish is rubberized
nine lakes a fiberglass and the pops
keep our epoxy board then economic the
delegate is a beginner santoku mama
here's a model woman surfing lalala y OD
so marami abhi weekends elegant way ma
bufang Torito para bond from our along
sir August along but you know experience
but serve
very easy
get the ocean
are you
oh really beginners is up to get herself
beginner
alright guys you got a surf out here in
Bellaire I mean I didn't want to give up
I was out there for at least five hours
and I just kept going great atmosphere
to surf the coaches are friendly the
terrain is friendly the water it's not
even a salty wonderful atmosphere in
here you gotta come
birthplace of surfing in
nice for beginners the waves are set to
be gentler during the summer so if you
want to learn how to surf
contact the bel-air surf school